doc: Add v0.4 release note (#2001)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/release_notes_0.4.rst

- :acrn-issue:`1926` - `kernel-doc` causing `make doc` failure (because of upcoming Perl changes)
- :acrn-issue:`1927` - Simplify the `launch_uos.sh` script by pointing at the latest iot-lts2018 kernel by default

Fixed Issues
************

- :acrn-issue:`677` - SSD Disk ID is not consistent between SOS/UOS
- :acrn-issue:`1777` - After UOS plays video for several minutes, the UOS image will be stagnant
- :acrn-issue:`1778` - MSDK: 1080p H264 video decode fails in UOS
- :acrn-issue:`1779` - gfxbench cannot run in SOS&UOS
- :acrn-issue:`1781` - Can not recognize the SD card in the SOS
- :acrn-issue:`1792` - System hang and reboot after run "LaaG Forced GPU Reset: subtest error-state-capture-vebox" in UOS
- :acrn-issue:`1794` - After SOS boots up, there's no output on SOS screen
- :acrn-issue:`1795` - SOS fails to get IP address
- :acrn-issue:`1825` - Need to clear memory region used by UOS before it exit
- :acrn-issue:`1837` - 'acrnctl list' shows incomplete VM names

Known Issues
************

:acrn-issue:`1319` - SD card pass-through: UOS can't see SD card after UOS reboot.
   SD card could not be found after UOS reboot in pass-through mode.

>    **Impact:** There is no SD card after UOS reboot.

Author: @gvancuts  fixed.

   **Impact:** Cannot reboot SOS.

   **Workaround:** Power off and boot again. The issues will be fixed in the next release.

:acrn-issue:`1986` - UOS will hang once watchdog reset triggered
   If Launching UOS with “-s 8,wdt-i6300esb”, UOS will hang once watchdog reset triggered. 

   **Impact:** UOS cannot self-recovery after watchdog reset triggered. 

   **Workaround:** None.

:acrn-issue:`1987` - UOS will have same mac address after launching UOS with virio-net
   After launching UOS with virio-net, UOS on different devices will have same mac address.

   **Impact:** UOS network will exist conflict. 

   **Workaround:** None. This issues will be fixed in next release.

:acrn-issue:`1991` - Input is useless in UART Console for corner case
   Input is useless in UART Console for corner, reproduce steps:

   1)Boot to SOS

   2)SSH to SOS.

   3)./launch_UOS.sh to boot uos.

   4)minicom -s dev/ttyUSB0 in host.

   5)sos_console 0 to launch sos.

   **Impact:** Failed to use Uart to input in corner case.

   **Workaround:** Enter other keys before type “Enter”.
 
:acrn-issue:`1996` - There is an error log when using "acrnd&" to boot UOS

>    There will be an error log when using “acrnd&” to boot UOS although UOS still boots up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   An error log is printed when starting acrnd as a background job
   (``acrnd&``) to boot UOS. The UOS still boots up
```

>    normally: “Failed to open the socket(sos-lcs) to query the reason for the wake-up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   normally, but prints: “Failed to open the socket(sos-lcs) to query the reason for the wake-up. 
```
